so forget squad name than Irvin oh yeah
you guys doing I have a 2003 yama kodiak
404 by 4
I bought a I got epi clutch kit for the
big tires
I bought a gator back belt which I
strongly suggest you do not buy one this
is a the part number
it is a zero eight zero eight 2011 and
what happened is the belt shredded right
where the seam is it rides a lot higher
than the other one rubbed a hole in my
case right there and on the other side
and you could tell it rubbed right here
and that's what happens when you buy
cheap belt I just wanted to show you
guys this is the Gator back belt and
this is the another one that they sent
me for a replacement but I'm sent in the
back because I didn't think the case was
screwed up but same belt and it is 3/16
over the
the primary clutch it's actually over a
3/16 so and you can see where the seam
is and that's where it broke right where
it rides on I'll start it up and you
guys can see how it stops so it's not
sitting in there
put the bolt back up from so you can see
the bolt there it still that's how it
sits okay I'm going to take this belt
off and put a API belt on
make sure when you take the secondary or
primary clutch off that you hold the
rollers in and then you got to put the
bolts in to separate the secondary
clutch to pull the belt off makes it a
lot easier you can just pick these
standard bolts up at a local hardware
store and that just separates them to
lighten it up you also kind of want to
polish the clutch and stop and clean it
up when you have it part if you are
going to do a FEI clutch kit I'm still
having problems with a good year to pay
me for my case and stuff and this is the
EPI belt
make sure you line up all the splines so
you don't screw it up and up there's
lines lined up I got the full clutch kit
not just a clutch I got the wet clutch
inside too it's not the cheap on where
it's just a primary and secondary but uh
pretty much any idiot can install this
it's very simple here any mechanically
inclined to do a little change I think
you can do this just make sure you take
your bolt back out
you
hold up
and just to show you guys that this
actually has room over bolt and starting
to suggest you run a EPI belt or
standard Yamaha belt if you guys have
any comments or something I can help you
guys out or anything but uh just live
and learn don't go cheap and that was my
problem and try to save an extra bucks
and I paid for it and I got a pay for
$80 cover and a gasket and and I had a
get towed home when I was out on the
trails and that kind of sucks because it
just happened within the first 20 20
miles it broke so are youtubers if you
have any questions let me know